a woman went out of the airport she
hailed the taxi and gave the directions
to the driver
as soon as they drove off the woman
started to talk
her blabbering annoyed the driver he
turned to her and said
i can't hear what you're saying i'm
almost deaf the woman was shocked and
didn't open her mouth for the rest of
the ride
only after she got out of the taxi did
she realize the man had lied to her
how did the woman understand it
if the driver had hearing problems he
wouldn't have been able to follow her
directions
detective james was invited to longhill
college
where more and more students had their
things stolen
the detective was asked to investigate
these cases
in a week's time the man had three
suspects
what were you doing when the last theft
happened he asked them
thomas said that day i was away i had to
take my younger sister to her rehearsals
amanda replied i spent that day in the
library getting ready for my
presentation
and ryan said this summer i'm going to
denmark with my parents
that's why i spend all my free time
learning dutch detective james
immediately understood who was lying
can you figure it out
it was ryan they speak danish in denmark
dutch is the language of the netherlands
jason works in the same company as
amy a bright and lovely girl the guy has
had a crush on amy since they first met
to attract the girl's attention jason
agrees to take part in the brain
challenge game organized by their
company the first task is to crack a
rebus puzzle
jason is given a piece of paper that's
what he sees there it doesn't take the
guy long to figure out the answer
what is it
it's broken promises jason is one of the
few who gave the correct answer
he moves to the next level he finds
himself in a room full of random stuff
there he needs to find an object that
would be the answer to the following
question
what goes up when the rain goes down
look around and help jason find the
needed object
[Music]
the guide chose a red and white umbrella
and that was the right answer
his next challenge was to get out of a
basement there are no windows there
jason sees just one door with a letter
combination lock
the only thing that can probably give
him some hint is a note he finds in the
farthest corner
p plus three n minus one
b minus one n plus four
s plus one what's the code word
jason needed more time to crack this
riddle but he managed to get out of the
basement
the code word was smart the key to this
riddle was hidden in the alphabet
p plus three following letters is s n
minus one letter is m and so on
jason is amazed to find out he's one of
the two contestants to make it to the
finals
now he has to do his best to win the guy
comes up to the table with three cups on
it
but only one of these drinks is safe to
try the other two are poisoned
and even though a mistake won't cost
jason his life the consequences
will be unpleasant the drinks are tea
with sugar
cappuccino and hot chocolate which one
should jason choose
if it was indeed sugar in the tea it
would have melted completely
but it didn't happen cappuccino looks
suspiciously green
it's probably unsafe to drink jason
opted for the hot chocolate and won the
challenge
now amy will definitely notice him
three people are hiding in bathroom
stalls try to figure out who is a
pregnant woman
[Music]
it's the one wearing the untied sneakers
it's often difficult for pregnant women
to bend over to lace up their footwear
two people were born at the same moment
but they don't celebrate their birthdays
on the same day
how is it possible
[Music]
they were born in different time zones
in one of these zones
it was already the next day detective
brown was having dinner in his kitchen
suddenly he heard screams coming from
his neighbor's house
he rushed there the door was open when
he ran inside
he saw a paramedic bending over a lying
man
once the doctor saw the detective he
exclaimed he fell down the stairs
luckily he's just unconscious i need to
take him to the hospital
detective brown didn't need to think
twice he called the ambulance and
arrested the man on the spot
[Music]
why
when the detective was running towards
the neighbor's house he didn't see
any car outside then how did the
paramedic get there
and how did he know his help was needed
you don't have them when you're born but
you get them later in several years
you don't have them anymore but then
they come again
but in a different form many years later
they might leave you again
what are they
[Music]
they are your teeth
a criminal appeared in a small town and
two young women went missing
right now the third girl is being taken
away when she comes to her senses
she finds herself in a well with two
other girls the well isn't particularly
deep
so they decide to try to get out of it
the shortest and slimmest of them
climbs on top of the other two but she
can't reach the edge of the well
what can the girls do to get out of
there
the tallest of the girls should climb on
top she has the longer arms and will
easily reach the edge of the well
you get lost in the woods in the middle
of the winter suddenly
you see a cabin it's dark and cold
inside
there is just one candle on the table
and a wood burning stove in the corner
you pull out your matchbox and see
there's only one match left
what should you light first
the match of course it was winter when
an elderly couple finished building a
pretty new house
the husband was responsible for the
construction while his wife was a
self-appointed decorator
the house looked beautiful very proud
they invited their teenage grandchildren
to have a look at their work
but within an hour one guy and two girls
managed to break several windows
they also knocked down the fence removed
the decorations
and ruined the roof but the most bizarre
thing the retired couple didn't seem to
mind
they just smiled looking at the
teenagers can you figure out what was
going on
the grandparents made a gingerbread
house and invited their grandchildren to
eat it
five costs 25.25 five
fifty dollars if you buy two fifty five
you'll pay seventy five dollars
what is it that you buy and how much
does one item cost
[Music]
you're buying door numbers and one of
them costs 25
[Music]
on a rainy monday morning a car hit a
woman at the crosswalk
and sped away without stopping luckily
the woman wasn't badly hurt
she even managed to describe the vehicle
before being taken to a hospital
it was a green van the accident happened
in a small town
that's why the police figured out easily
that there were just three cars like
that
they found and questioned all the car
owners gary said
my sister took part in a concert in
another town i gave her a lift and
waited for the show to finish to drive
her back angela explained to the police
she'd been busy with some household
chores gardening washing her van
and the like larry answered he was ill
that's why he spent the whole day in bed
drinking hot tea the police officers
understood who is lying right away who
was it
it was a rainy day washing a car and
gardening when it's raining
not the best idea angela must be lying
a man was in an eight-story building
when a fire started
he jumped out the window but didn't even
bruise himself
how is it possible
the man jumped out of the first floor
window
two people are standing near the river
both of them want to get to the opposite
side
but the boat can carry only one of them
it's summer
and the river isn't frozen and still
they managed to get to the other bank
[Music]
how
they are on opposite sides of the river
[Music]
one town had a weird law all the men
leaving there had to be clean-shaven
but no man was allowed to shave himself
the only person in the town who was
licensed to shave them
was a 40 year old barber but then who
shaved the barber
[Music]
there was no need the barber was a woman
a mother promised her son to pay him
sixty dollars per hour if he washed his
hands for six seconds before eating a
meal
the son did that and his mom gave him
his well-earned money
but the boy got upset why
[Music]
because he received just 10 cents